Add documentation around Xunit.Combinatorial (#6880)
DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet: docs/development/XunitCombinatorial.md

# Xunit Combinatorial

[Xunit.Combinatorial](https://github.com/AArnott/Xunit.Combinatorial) has allowed us to reduce some integrations tests from taking 10+ minutes each CI run to being around 1 minute while maintaining a good coverage of tested configurations. Migrating a test suite to leverage this is a relatively quick process and you will immediately be able to take advantage of the performance improvements.

Instead of running our exhaustive combinatorial test suite on every PR we can *dynamically* determine when we should run the full test configuration or a much reduced [Pairwise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All-pairs_testing) test configuration.

> For a overview and comparison to normal Xunit I'd recommend Andrew Lock's [Simplifying Theory test data with Xunit.Combinatorial](https://andrewlock.net/simplifying-theory-test-data-with-xunit-combinatorial/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview and comparison to normal Xunit I'd recommend Andrew Lock's [Simplifying Theory test data with Xunit.Combinatorial](https://andrewlock.net/simplifying-theory-test-data-with-xunit-combinatorial/).
```

## CombinatorialOrPairwiseData Attribute

> Powering this is a custom `[CombinatorialOrPairwiseData]` attribute that replaces our commonly used `[MemberData(nameof(GetEnabledConfig))]` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Powering this is a custom `[CombinatorialOrPairwiseData]` attribute that replaces our commonly used `[MemberData(nameof(GetEnabledConfig))]` attribute. It acts as a combination of the `[CombinatorialData]` and `[PairwiseData]` attributes that are part of the Xunit.Combinatorial package
```

## Choosing Between Combinatorial or Pairwise Test Configurations

> This is all handled automatically so after migrating to combinatorial tests there are no further steps. Our Nuke scripts will detect when we need to run the full / reduced configuration and will insert a `USE_FULL_TEST_CONFIG` environment variable automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choosing the correct configurations is handled automatically, so after migrating to combinatorial tests there are no further steps. Our Nuke scripts will detect when we need to run the full / reduced configuration and will insert a `USE_FULL_TEST_CONFIG` environment variable automatically.
```

Full combinatorial test suites are run when:

> - Any local test runs

Reviewer: nit: fixes the tense

```suggestion
- Running locally
```

Make use of the `[PackageVersionData]` and `[MetadataSchemaVersionData]` attributes.

### Prefer to NOT Skip

Skipping tests is fine for combinatorial-mode, but in pairwise-mode this leads to us potentially skipping many test combinations that the pairwise algorithm chooses for us. We don't usually have skip logic in tests though, so this should be uncommon.

### Prefer to create new attributes for re-used simple data

It's common to have multiple different integrations use/re-use similar configuration values. In these cases it will help with maintainability and readability of the code to create a custom attribute for them similar to the `MetadataSchemaVersionData` and `DbmPropagationModesData`

### Avoid Non-Serializable Data

This is mainly a visual bug and doesn't impact the functionality anyway, but when Xunit isn't able to serialize the test data it just treats all of the different input parameters of a test as a "single" test.

What this means though in our case is that we won't have much visibility in being able to see *what* tests are being run in pairwise-mode.

"Non-Serializable" data is usually any non-primitive data type used as a test parameter.

> To fix, create a class (if necessary) and implement `IXunitSerializable` - see the examples in `HttpMessageHandlerTests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix, create a class (if necessary) and implement `IXunitSerializable` - see the examples in `HttpMessageHandlerTests`. Note that there are already implementations for `SerializableList<T>` and `SerializableDictionary` which serve as serializable versions of `List<T>` and `Dictionary<string, string>`.
```
